README.md, before:

# Flipcard

Another React Flipcard, based on [@mzabriskie](https://github.com/mzabriskie)’s [react-flipcard](https://github.com/mzabriskie/react-flipcard), but with support for React v16, and some other considerations for the [Mort Modern](http://mort-modern.losttype.com/) type specimen site.

## Installation

```sh
npm install --save @kennethormandy/react-flipcard
```

## Example

```jsx
import React from 'react'
import { render } from 'react-dom'
import Flipcard from '@kennethormandy/react-flipcard'

// Import minimal required styles however you’d like
import '@kennethormandy/react-flipcard/dist/Flipcard.css'

class App extends React.Component {
  constructor() {
    super()

    this.state = {
      flipped: false,
    }
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <button onClick={e => this.setState({ flipped: !this.state.flipped })}>
          Flip
        </button>
        <Flipcard flipped={this.state.flipped}>
          <h1>One</h1>
          <h1>Two</h1>
        </Flipcard>
      </div>
    )
  }
}

render(<App />, document.getElementById('target'))
```

### Transition Type

#### Horizontal

```jsx
<Flipcard type="horizontal">
  <h1>One</h1>
  <h1>Two</h1>
</Flipcard>
```

#### Revolving Door

```jsx
<Flipcard type="revolving-door">
  <h1>One</h1>
  <h1>Two</h1>
</Flipcard>
```

### Conditional two-column example

![Gif showing the two-column layout turning into a Flipcard below a certain breakpoint.](./media/flipcard-twocol-demo.gif)

Like in the [Mort Modern](http://mort-modern.losttype.com/) type specimen site, it’s possible to change or disable the minimal Flipcard styles at certain breakpoints. This can be done entirely through CSS, but you might also want to use `matchMedia` to change some other part of your user interface (ex. disabling the button).

```jsx
<Flipcard>
  <Card>
    <div>
      <h2>Column 1</h2>
      <p>The main column on small viewports.</p>
    </div>
  </Card>
  <Card>
    <div>
      <h2>Column 2</h2>
      <p>Flip to see me on smaller viewports.</p>
    </div>
  </Card>
</Flipcard>
```

Within your CSS, you might do something like this:

```css
/* If the viewport is wide enough: */
@media (min-width: 750px) {

  /* Use the flipper as a Flexbox container: */
  .Flipcard-flipper {
    display: flex;
    transform: none !important;
  }

  /* Show both cards and remove the transitions: */
  .Flipcard-front, 
  .Flipcard-back {
    position: relative;
    transform: none !important;
    opacity: 1 !important;
  }
}
```

## Importing styles

- Can use `dist` which is already minified and autoprefixed
- Can use `src` which is not, and might be better for you if you’re already running things through your own CSS build process that’s going to do those things anyway. Then, the source maps will map back to the CSS before minification.
- Can just copy the CSS into your own process, because people have a lot of different opinions about how CSS should work within a React component. I am following an approach that will work with a fresh Create React App setup.


## Credits

* [react-flipcard](https://github.com/mzabriskie/react-flipcard) by [@mzabriskie](https://github.com/mzabriskie)
* [react-card-flip](https://github.com/AaronCCWong/react-card-flip) by [@AaronCCWong](https://github.com/AaronCCWong), for the revolving-door transition
* [Create a CSS Flipping Animation](https://davidwalsh.name/css-flip) by David Walsh

## License

[The MIT License (MIT)](LICENSE.md)

Copyright © 2017–2018 [Kenneth Ormandy Inc.](http://kennethormandy.com)

Commit message:

Expands on Importing Styles section

README.md, after:

# Flipcard

Another React Flipcard, based on [@mzabriskie](https://github.com/mzabriskie)’s [react-flipcard](https://github.com/mzabriskie/react-flipcard), but with support for React v16, and some other considerations for the [Mort Modern](http://mort-modern.losttype.com/) type specimen site.

## Installation

```sh
npm install --save @kennethormandy/react-flipcard
```

## Example

```jsx
import React from 'react'
import { render } from 'react-dom'
import Flipcard from '@kennethormandy/react-flipcard'

// Import minimal required styles however you’d like
import '@kennethormandy/react-flipcard/dist/Flipcard.css'

class App extends React.Component {
  constructor() {
    super()

    this.state = {
      flipped: false,
    }
  }

  render() {
    return (
      <div>
        <button onClick={e => this.setState({ flipped: !this.state.flipped })}>
          Flip
        </button>
        <Flipcard flipped={this.state.flipped}>
          <h1>One</h1>
          <h1>Two</h1>
        </Flipcard>
      </div>
    )
  }
}

render(<App />, document.getElementById('target'))
```

### Transition Type

#### Horizontal

```jsx
<Flipcard type="horizontal">
  <h1>One</h1>
  <h1>Two</h1>
</Flipcard>
```

#### Revolving Door

```jsx
<Flipcard type="revolving-door">
  <h1>One</h1>
  <h1>Two</h1>
</Flipcard>
```

### Conditional two-column example

![Gif showing the two-column layout turning into a Flipcard below a certain breakpoint.](./media/flipcard-twocol-demo.gif)

Like in the [Mort Modern](http://mort-modern.losttype.com/) type specimen site, it’s possible to change or disable the minimal Flipcard styles at certain breakpoints. This can be done entirely through CSS, but you might also want to use `matchMedia` to change some other part of your user interface (ex. disabling the button).

```jsx
<Flipcard>
  <Card>
    <div>
      <h2>Column 1</h2>
      <p>The main column on small viewports.</p>
    </div>
  </Card>
  <Card>
    <div>
      <h2>Column 2</h2>
      <p>Flip to see me on smaller viewports.</p>
    </div>
  </Card>
</Flipcard>
```

Within your CSS, you might do something like this:

```css
/* If the viewport is wide enough: */
@media (min-width: 750px) {

  /* Use the flipper as a Flexbox container: */
  .Flipcard-flipper {
    display: flex;
    transform: none !important;
  }

  /* Show both cards and remove the transitions: */
  .Flipcard-front, 
  .Flipcard-back {
    position: relative;
    transform: none !important;
    opacity: 1 !important;
  }
}
```

## Importing styles

People have a lot of different opinions about how to manage styles alongside React. The guideline I have decided to follow is that my approach should work with a fresh Create React App setup, and not impose another dependency.

If you’d like the styles already minified and autoprefixed, import the CSS from `dist`:

```js
import '@kennethormandy/react-flipcard/dist/Flipcard.css'
```

If you’re already running things through your own CSS build process that’s going to do those things anyway, you might want to import the styles from `src` instead. Then, the source maps will map back to your CSS before minification, too:

```js
import '@kennethormandy/react-flipcard/src/Flipcard.css'
```

You can also path to these files from Sass, PostCSS, or another CSS build process. The styles are also quite minimal and you might want to change them, so there’s nothing wrong with copying and building on the CSS partial yourself rather than using the provided styles directly.

## Credits

* [react-flipcard](https://github.com/mzabriskie/react-flipcard) by [@mzabriskie](https://github.com/mzabriskie)
* [react-card-flip](https://github.com/AaronCCWong/react-card-flip) by [@AaronCCWong](https://github.com/AaronCCWong), for the revolving-door transition
* [Create a CSS Flipping Animation](https://davidwalsh.name/css-flip) by David Walsh

## License

[The MIT License (MIT)](LICENSE.md)

Copyright © 2017–2018 [Kenneth Ormandy Inc.](http://kennethormandy.com)
